add mysql workbench faqs (#16810)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-gui-mysql-workbench.md

</div>
</SimpleTab>

## FAQs

> ### My connection is timing out with an error like "Error Code: 2013. Lost connection to MySQL server during query".
> 
> The query exceeds the timeout settings. Adjust the **DBMS connection read timeout interval** option in **SQL Editor** settings. This sets the maximum amount of time (in seconds) that a query can take before MySQL Workbench disconnects from the server.
> 
> ![MySQL Workbench: adjust timeout option in SQL Editor settings](/media/develop/mysql-workbench-adjust-sqleditor-read-timeout.jpg)
> 
> 
> You can also refer to [MySQL Workbench Frequently Asked Questions](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/workbench/en/workbench-faq.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to handle the connection timeout error "Error Code: 2013. Lost connection to MySQL server during query"?

This error indicates that the query execution time exceeds the timeout limit. To resolve this issue, you can adjust the timeout settings by the following steps:

1. Launch MySQL Workbench and navigate to the **Workbench Preferences** page.
2. In the **SQL Editor** > **MySQL Session** section, configure the **DBMS connection read timeout interval (in seconds)** option. This sets the maximum amount of time (in seconds) that a query can take before MySQL Workbench disconnects from the server.

    ![MySQL Workbench: adjust timeout option in SQL Editor settings](/media/develop/mysql-workbench-adjust-sqleditor-read-timeout.jpg)

For more information, see [MySQL Workbench frequently asked questions](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/workbench/en/workbench-faq.html).
```
